2024 champions cohort page & past cohorts (#63)
nmfs-openscapes/nmfs-openscapes.github.io: cohorts/NMFS-fall2024.qmd

For the fall 2024, the Openscapes Champions Cohorts had 190 applications for 120 spots. Participants were chosen to ensure equitable participation across science centers and regional and headquarter offices, with a preference for offices, teams and individuals that had not participated before and for teams involved in IRA supported projects. All six NOAA Fisheries science centers, Greater Atlantic Regional Fisheries Office, Alaska Regional Office, Office of Protected Resources, and Office of Sustainable Fisheries participated in the 2024 fall cohorts.

This [cohort training](https://nmfs-openscapes.github.io/2024-nmfs-champions/) is taking place over 5 remote calls from October 8 to December 4, 2024. Cohort calls will cover:

> 1)  setting the open science mindset and discussing psychological safety,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1)  setting the open science mindset and seeing peer stories of what this looks like,
```

2)  an introduction to publishing and project management on GitHub,
3)  instituting team culture and data strategies,
4)  developing open communities and coding strategies, including Cloud, and
5)  preparing a team pathway document to guide their open data science journey after the training.

> Champions learned from stories shared by past participants including the Alaska Marine Mammal Stock Assessment Report process ([recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqbwcCXbFL8)) and the California Current Ecosystem Status Report Automation team ([recording](https://youtu.be/St_j0D-u7UU)). [Mentors from across NMFS](../mentors/index.qmd) attended some Cohort Calls and Coworking sessions to share their expertise and experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Champions learned from stories shared by past participants including the Alaska Marine Mammal Stock Assessment Report process ([recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqbwcCXbFL8)) and the California Current Ecosystem Status Report Automation team ([recording](https://youtu.be/St_j0D-u7UU)). [Mentors from across NMFS](../mentors/index.qmd) supported Cohort Calls, Coworking sessions, and asynchronous chat channels to share their expertise and experience.
```
